We were lucky to have CPAC in 2021, and I'm happy to inform you 2021
Florida set an all time record for domestic tourism coming into our
state.

And those record numbers include a number of lockdown politicians who
lock down their own people, restrict their own people, mandate,
governors, mayors, big TV hosts—they criticize Florida and the first
chance they get what do they do? They escape to freedom in the state
of Florida.
 
And why do you even these biggest critics and lockdowners come to
Florida? Well, I think it's simple. From the very beginning, we
refused to let this state descend into some type of Fauchian dystopia
where people's freedoms are curtailed, and their livelihoods are
destroyed. We protected people's rights. We protected people's
jobs. We protected small businesses, and we made sure that every kid
in the state of Florida had an opportunity to go to school in person
five days a week.

In Florida, we reject the biomedical security state, which erodes
liberty, harms livelihoods and divides our society. And we not only
reject it if it's government, we have done things like ban vaccine
passports and mandates.
 
Because it's unacceptable to simply subcontract out Fauci-ism to big
companies. So we've stood for freedom across the board, and the result
has been Florida has defeated Fauci-ism. Freedom has prevailed in the
Sunshine State.

And Florida led when it counted. We led early on, when the weight of
the world was coming, bearing down on our shoulders. Everything we
did, we were taking incoming— I remember the summer of 2020. We had
the kids saying you got to go have the kids in school. The teachers
unions, they would put coffins outside the Department of Education
building in Tallahassee; they sued me to close the school. But we
stood strong, and part of the reason we stood strong because we
understand what it means to be a leader—not just be a politician that
twists in the wind, but be willing to make the tough decisions.

I look back at President Eisenhower's farewell address. Many of you
remember it, because he warned about the military industrial
complex. That was smart. He was right. But if you read that speech, he
also warned about the dangers of a rising scientific and technological
elite. Government was funding more scientific research, and he said
when that happens, there's a danger that public policy can be held
captive by this scientific elite. And he said, the job of the
statesman is not to subcontract out your policy to help bureaucrats or
other type of bureaucrats. The job of the statesman is to lead, to
take all the interests in society and make sure you're doing what's in
the public good.

So so many governors over the last two years would simply defer to
health bureaucrats because it was a safe thing to do politically. If
things went bad, they can say, hey, the bureaucrats told me I had to
do this. Yeah, you lost your job. Sorry, your business is done, the
kids are locked out of school, but they're telling me I have to do
this. That is not what we did in Florida. And we did it when it wasn't
popular. We did it when we were taking fire.

And we did it because my duty is to stand up and protect the freedoms
and the jobs of the people I represent. And if that puts me in
political jeopardy, then so be it. I will stand with them. I'm not
going to try to protect my own hide.

And I really believe had Florida not led the way, this country could
look like Canada or Australia.

We sometimes take freedom for granted. You should not do that after
the last two years. It is contested. The left does not want to honor
our freedoms, and we have a responsibility to fight back on all
fronts. People are coming to Florida because they want freedom. Even
our critics are doing it, but I can tell you there's one fella that
just hates Florida and his name is Joe Biden.

He's always criticizing us, always trying to take potshots at Florida,
and he does things like take our medication. He stiffed storm victims
of relief just because he doesn't like the governor. He doesn't like
Florida, and he doesn't like me because we stand up to him. That's why
he doesn't like us.

Last year, we call the special session to protect every Florida job
from Biden's vax mandates and we succeeded. We've sent people to the
Texas border and are suing Biden over his catch and release policy,
because he is not following the Constitution by letting our borders be
overrun.
 
We stand up against the weak on crime policy that is ravaging cities
across the country and what he supports. And we are standing against
his reckless fiscal policies where they printed trillions of dollars,
and now we have rampant Bidinflation. The inflation is because of his
policies. And we're not going to let anyone forget that So all told,
he's had the worst first year of any president since the 1800s.

And as Biden flounders, Florida is leading on issue after issue. We
have the largest budget surplus and the lowest per capita tax burden
in the entire United States, and no income tax, and we won't have that
as long as I'm governor.

When I became governor, Florida had the most liberal state Supreme
Court in the country. I've replaced three liberal justices with
conservative justices; we now have the most conservative Supreme Court
in the country.

Since I became governor, we banned sanctuary cities in the state of Florida.

And we are in the process of getting money from the legislature so
that if Biden is dumping illegal aliens into Florida from the southern
border, I'm rerouting them to Delaware.

We'll do some in DC and Hollywood as well.

Florida leads the nation in school choice, and we have liberated
hundreds of thousands of young kids who are living in poverty to get
an education and make the most of life's opportunities.

We in Florida are one of the first states to stand up and protect
women's athletics. We're not going to let our young girls and our
women athletes have opportunities denied for them because of ideology
and political correctness.

We were the first big state to legislate against big tech censorship
because they want to silence us they want to de-platform us, and we
cannot have a free society If most of the speech in this country is
controlled by a handful of left wing oligarchs in Silicon Valley.

We are a law and order state in the state of Florida. We reject weak
on crime policies. We reject Soros-funded prosecutors. And we have
said, after the 2020 summer riots, we called up the National Guard
here immediately, we had law enforcement. We said we are not letting
Florida cities burn down and we didn't. But we've also since then
signed the strongest anti-rioting legislation in the country. Which
says we will not let local governments defund the men and women of law
enforcement and put their citizens at risk. And, if you riot in the
state of Florida, if you loot, if you are engaged in mob violence,
this is not going to be like Portland where they arrest you, take your
mug shot, slap you on the wrist, and put you right back on the street
to do, to get... Not in Florida, you're not getting a slap on the
wrist; you are getting the inside of a jail cell.

Because we will not spend taxpayer money to teach our kids to hate our
country or to hate each other, we have banned CRT in K through 12
education.

And instead, we have the most robust civics education anywhere in the
country. We're gonna have citizenship exams for graduating seniors,
and we're giving teachers the opportunity to go through a civics boot
camp and get a $3,000 bonus. Yes, we're against CRT, but what are we
for? I'm for the Constitution, I'm for the Bill of Rights, and we need
to have our young people understand what that means.

Because the rule of law is paramount, Florida has done more than any
other state in the country to ensure the integrity of our
elections. One of the first things I did when I became governor back
in 2019, when people weren't talking about election integrity, was
accept the resignation of the Broward County Supervisor of Elections
and remove the supervisor from Palm Beach County.

We didn't change the rules when COVID came. We followed the law. We counted 99% of the ballots by midnight on election night. It was transparent. It was fair. We did a good job. But we also understood there were a lot of shenanigans in other parts of the country, so last year I signed legislation banning ballot harvesting in the state of Florida. Banning mass mail balloting, unsolicited mail ballots in the state of Florida. And maybe most important we have banned Zuckerbucks in the state of Florida. We're not gonna let a tech titan commandeer the machinery of our elections by pouring hundreds of millions of dollars in for partisan purposes. That will not happen in the state of Florida, and we are doing even more this year.

Now people are coming to Florida, yes to visit, but also just picking
up and moving. We have led the nation in net in migration since COVID
started. But I can tell you this is not just because we have lower
taxes, because we've always had lower taxes. These are people who are
fleeing leftist governments in this country and even around the world.

People will sometimes ask me, Governor, all these people are moving here from blue states, are they just gonna vote the same way and make our state a blue state basket case like the states they came from? Well when I got elected governor in 2018, there were almost 300,000 more registered Democrats in the state of Florida than Republicans, and Florida has never had more registered Republicans than Democrats in our history of our state. Today, standing here in February of 2022, there are 82,000 more Republicans registered in the state of Florida.

And it's not just people coming from blue states. There are people
that look to Florida as the citadel of freedom who are chafing under
authoritarian rule all across the world. I recently got a letter from
Samuel from Australia. And he said quote, there isn't much hope right
now here and many of us are fearful of what our leaders have in store
for us. I look to you and your great State of Florida for hope during
this dark time. Thank you for standing up for us. And we have done
that. Canadians are writing in, Australia, Europe, you name it. And I
think they understand what the stakes are, and they look to us of what
protecting freedoms a lot means.

And I think about what the left's trying to do. I got into politics
about 10 years ago. I ran for Congress; I'd never been involved. And
my mission was largely to stop Barack Obama, who was president at the
time. I even wrote a book which was read by about a dozen people that
talked about some of the problems, how it was not consistent with the
values that the country was founded on. And I stand by that—those were
good fights, important fights. But I gotta tell you, I look back at
that time, it almost seems a little quaint to me.

Because the threats we face to freedom, the threats we face to a just
society are much more pervasive than they were just 10 years ago.

I mean, think of what the left wants to do. What are their political aims?

If they had just elected a couple more U.S. senators, they were going
to pack the US Supreme Court.

They were going to make DC a state so they'd have two radical left
wing Democrat senators for life.

They were going to abolish the electoral college so California could
let elect the president, and they wanted to federalize fraudulent
ballot practices.

Now say what you want about that, that is not an agenda that very many
American families are sitting across the dinner table from each other
saying, oh, man, I wish we could make DC a state or I wish we could
pack the Supreme Court.

No, that's not what people have on their mind. They're concerned about
gas prices, crime, the border, all the disorder around the
world. That's what they're concerned about.

They're doing that though, the left wants to do that because their
goal is not to make our country great. It's to marginalize the
conservative half of the country. They want us to be powerless. They
want us to be voiceless. They want us to be second-class citizen. And
what are these ideological aims?

The woke is the new religion of the left. And this is what they have
in mind. That's why they want CRT, because they want to divide the
country. That's why they removed statues of Thomas Jefferson and
Abraham Lincoln and Teddy Roosevelt, take George Washington's name off
schools, because they want to erase that history, they want to
delegitimize our founding institutions, and they want to replace that
with their left-wing ideology as the foundational principles of our
modern day society.

Wokism is a form of cultural Marxism. It is not just about raising
taxes, or bad economic policy. It's about tearing at the fabric of our
society and trying to replace it with something that will be much,
much more sinister.

And the problem that we face as conservatives is a lot of major
institutions in our country have become infected with this woke
virus. You look at academia. Do we even need to discuss that? Their
main objective now is to impose an ideological worldview on the people
that come through their universities.

You look at corporate America, they're [inaud.]. They're opposing
voter ID. Many of them make a lot of money from Chinese slave labor,
but they don't want voter ID in the United States. So they are
engaging in woke activism.

You look at our bureaucracy and how totally off the rails they have
become in many different agencies. And it's not just limited to people
like Fauci; you have it across the board where this has become a major
behemoth.

You look at the corrupt and dishonest legacy media in this country and
what they're doing to divide us and what they're doing to prop up the
regime. They are not in the business of telling the truth. They're in
the business of spinning partisan narratives to be able to benefit
their side. They don't speak truth to power. They're defending the
regime and power and if you speak up, they come after you. They'll
smear you, they'll defame ya. All they do day after day, is concoct a
blizzard of lies to try to deceive the American people, and make no
mistake that's going to intensify leading up to November. They're
going to try to do anything they can to relieve the blame off Biden,
and to try to fool the American people into keeping Democrats in
office. We're not going to let them do it, but that's what we're
facing.

And then maybe to top it off, you have big tech. Big tech is now the
number one institution for censorship in this country. They are
working with the legacy media, they're working with the Biden regime
to try to marginalize conservative voices. Anyone that dissents from
their orthodoxy is a target.

And so this is significant stuff. This is freedom that's being on all
different fronts, that's coming under assault. And so here's where
we're at. When you have a society that's veering away from the truth,
anybody that stands up and speaks the truth will come under fire. That
is going to happen. And so in times like these, there is no substitute
for courage, having the courage to stand up against things like cancel
culture, having the courage to reject corporate media narratives,
having the courage to take on institutions like big tech, having the
courage to stand in the way of the Brandon administration.

So we have an opportunity to make 2022 the year that America fought
back. We're going to lead the charge here in Florida, but we need
people all over the country to be willing to put on that full armor of
God, to stand firm against the left's schemes. You will be met with
flaming arrows, but the shield of faith will stop them. You will
emerge victorious.

And so I can tell you this in Florida, we will be standing our ground,
we'll be holding that line. We are not going to back down. We've
accomplished more in this state than anyone thought possible. But I
can tell you this, we have only begun to fight. Thank you all. God
bless you.
