Well, thank you very much. This is incredible.

Media will not show the magnitude of this crowd. Even I, when I turned
on today, I looked, and I saw thousands of people here. But you don’t
see hundreds of thousands of people behind you because they don’t want
to show that.

We have hundreds of thousands of people here and I just want them to
be recognized by the fake news media. Turn your cameras please and
show what’s really happening out here because these people are not
going to take it any longer. They’re not going to take it any
longer. Go ahead. Turn your cameras, please. Would you show? They came
from all over the world, actually, but they came from all over our
country.

I just really want to see what they do. I just want to see how they
covered. I’ve never seen anything like it. But it would be really
great if we could be covered fairly by the media. The media is the
biggest problem we have as far as I’m concerned, single biggest
problem. The fake news and the Big tech.

Big tech is now coming into their own. We beat them four years ago. We
surprised them. We took them by surprise and this year they rigged an
election. They rigged it like they’ve never rigged an election
before. And by the way, last night they didn’t do a bad job either if
you notice.

een in two elections. I won them both and the second one, I won much
bigger than the first. OK. Almost 75 million people voted for our
campaign, the most of any incumbent president by far in the history of
our country, 12 million more people than four years ago.

And I was told by the real pollsters — we do have real pollsters —
they know that we were going to do well and we were going to win. What
I was told, if I went from 63 million, which we had four years ago, to
66 million, there was no chance of losing. Well, we didn’t go to 66,
we went to 75 million, and they say we lost. We didn’t lose.

And by the way, does anybody believe that Joe had 80 million votes?
Does anybody believe that? He had 80 million computer votes. It’s a
disgrace. There’s never been anything like that. You could take
third-world countries. Just take a look. Take third-world
countries. Their elections are more honest than what we’ve been going
through in this country. It’s a disgrace. It’s a disgrace.

Even when you look at last night. They’re all running around like
chickens with their heads cut off with boxes. Nobody knows what the
hell is going on. There’s never been anything like this.

We will not let them silence your voices. We’re not going to let it
happen, I’m not going to let it happen.
